README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# 📦 hsrtools - a handy collection of functions for health services research

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/INS-Basel/hsrtools/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/INS-Basel/hsrtools/actions)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of {hsrtools} is to combine and share functions with potential
further use in one of the research projects at the Institute of Nursing
Science at the University of Basel.

Please report any bugs/issues, thanks!

## Installation

You can install the package from [GitHub](https://github.com/) by:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("INS-Basel/hsrtools")
```

## Types of functions

The package is mostly a collection of self-written utilities. At the
moment the  
following groups are included:

-   Functions for reporting:
    -   Contains ‘handy helpers’ deemed useful for in parametrized
        reports (automated reports to generate for e.g. participating
        organizations)
-   Data visualization:
    -   standard color scheme of unibas defined by CI to be accessed as
        scales for plotting

Commit message:

add file_created_on, increment version no

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# 📦 hsrtools - a collection of functions for health services research

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/INS-Basel/hsrtools/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/INS-Basel/hsrtools/actions)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of {hsrtools} is to combine and share functions with potential
further use in one of the research projects at the Institute of Nursing
Science at the University of Basel.

Please report any bugs/issues, thanks!

## Installation

You can install the package from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("INS-Basel/hsrtools")
```

## Types of functions

The package is mostly a collection of self-written utilities. At the
moment the  
following groups are included:

-   Functions for reporting:
    -   Contains ‘handy helpers’ deemed useful for in parametrized
        reports (automated reports to generate for e.g. participating
        organizations)
-   Data visualization:
    -   standard color scheme of unibas defined by CI to be accessed as
        scales for plotting
-   Handy helpers:
    -   adding date-column to any dataframe before saving/writing the
        file
